# Message-Polarity-Prediction
All of us receive a ton of messages and emails on a daily basis. Collectively, that is a lot of data which can provide useful insights about the messages that each of us gets. What if you could know whether a certain message has brought you good news or bad news before opening the actual message. In this challenge, we will use Machine Learning to achieve this. Given are 53 distinguishing factors that can help in understanding the polarity(Good or Bad) of a message,  your objective as a data scientist is to build a Machine Learning model that can predict whether a text message has brought you good news or bad news. You are provided with the normalized frequencies of 50 words/emojis (Freq_Of_Word_1 to Freq_Of_Word_50) along with 3 engineered features listed below: TotalEmojiCharacters: Total number of individual emoji characters normalized. (eg. :) ) LengthOFFirstParagraph: The total length of the first paragraph in words normalized StylizedLetters: Total number of letters or characters with a styling element normalized Target Variable: IsGoodNews The data is now available for download on. Proceed to Start/Continue Hackathon and click on the attachments to download the datasets. Data Description The unzipped folder will have the following files. Train.csv – 947 observations. Test.csv – 527 observations. Sample Submission – Sample format for the submission. Below are the file formats for the provided data Train.csv Test.csv Sample_Submission.xlsx  Start Date FridayMay 01 End Date MondayMay 04 Difficulty Beginner Total Registration 322 Generic Rules One account per participant/team. Submissions from multiple accounts will lead to disqualification. The submission limit for the hackathon is 10 per day after which the submissions will not be accepted. All registered participants are eligible to compete in the hackathon. We ask that you respect the spirit of the competition and do not cheat. Use of any external dataset is prohibited and doing so will lead to disqualification.  Hackathon Specific Rules One account per participant. Submissions from multiple accounts will lead to disqualification The submission limit for the hackathon is 10 per day after which the submission will not be evaluated All registered users are eligible to participate in the hackathon We ask that you respect the spirit of the competition and do not cheat  Start Date FridayMay 01 End Date MondayMay 04 Difficulty Beginner Total Registration 322 Evaluation The leaderboard is evaluated on the standard f1_score metric from sklearn  Start Date FridayMay 01 End Date MondayMay 04 Difficulty Beginner Total Registration 322 Prize
